<h2 align=center>7.13 Fluid Simulation in Eulerian View</h2>

### Material Derivative
In my opinion,material derivative is a kind of Lagrangian representation.Eulerian representatino can be described as partital derivative of time.
$$\frac{\mathrm{d} q(t,x)}{\mathrm{d} t} =\frac{\partial q}{\partial t}+\nabla q \frac{\partial x}{\partial t}=\frac{\mathrm{D} q}{\mathrm{D} t}$$

### Naiver-Stokes Equation
Actually,NS-Equatino is a variant of $F=ma$.The most frequently used NS-Equatino is as follows:
$$\frac{\mathrm{D}u}{\mathrm{D}t}+\frac{1}{\rho}\nabla P=g$$

### Advection
To solve the advection problem,we just need to solve the equation:
$$\frac{\mathrm{D}u}{\mathrm{D}t}=0$$
$$\frac{\partial u}{\partial t}+u\frac{\partial u}{\partial x}=0$$
This equation means that each particles in Lagrian view’s speed is not changed (at this iteration).

There are many numerical problems such as null-space ,unstability if you want to use forward euler method.

However, we can solve this problem from Lagrangian view. We can imagine a virtual particle which will arrive at current grid central point, the feature of this point at next timestep will be updated by this particle. So this question is how to find particle’s position and feature. This question can be easily solved by using forward euler or other more precise method such as RK2.
$$x^n=x^{n+1}-u^{n+1}\triangle t$$

Once we get this particle’s position, we can compute the feature such as presure, velocity and temperature by using bilinear interpolation (trilinear interpolatino in 3D space).

### Projection (to be continued……)